
Define all causal principles (and their localized versions):
    ☐ PSR (SUFFICIENT REASON)
    ☐ LPSR
    ☐ PC (CAUSALITY)
    ☐ LPC
    ☐ PAC (ACCIDENTAL CAUSALITY "all accidents have a cause")
    ☐ LPAC 
    ☐ TPC (THOMISTIC CAUSALITY)
    ☐ LTPC
    ☐ PPC (PROPORTIONATE CAUSALITY)
    ☐ LPPC
    ☐ PP (PLATONIC PRINCIPLE)
    ☐ LPP
    ☐ LF (LOCAL-FINITENESS)
    ☐ LLF
    ☐ PCF (CAUSAL FINITISM)
    ☐ LPCF
    ☐ PCS (principle of causal semantics)
    ☐ PCB (principle of causal beginning)

Define all finitistic principles:
   ☐ UFINITISM (ULTRAFINITISM): "only a finite number of things exist (in each world)"
   ☐ LUFINITISM (LOCAL ULTRAFINITISM): "the set of all possible worlds with a finite number of things in them"
   ☐ WUFINITISM (WEAK ULTRAFINITISM): "it is possible that ..."
   ☐ SFINITISM (SUBSTANTIAL FINITISM): "only a finite number of (X := substance) exist (in each world)"
   ☐ LSFINITISM [LOCAL] hint: define the other finitisms in terms of this one, using defaults.
   ☐ WSFINITISM [WEAK]
   ☐ E5A (EUCLID'S 5TH AXIOM): "in any possible world, any set of actually existing things of kind (X := substance) 
                                 has a strictly larger cardinality than a proper part of itself."
   ☐ LE5A [LOCAL]
   ☐ WE5A [WEAK]

Prove equivalences between the principles:
   ☐ (Intersection of X, LSFINITISM X) = LUFINITISM
   ☐ (Intersection of X, LSFINITISM X) = LSFINITISM entity
   ☐ (For all X, SFINITISM X) iff UFINITISM
   ☐ (For all X, SFINITISM X) iff SFINITISM entity
   ☐ LE5A X = LSFINITISM X (call this the dedekind-moorean-shift theorem)
   ☐ E5A X iff SFINITISM X
   ☐ SFINITISM implies PCF
   ☐ PCF implies PP

Prove the following theorems:
   ☐ `Conjunctive_1'` + PSR + Zorn -> PP for substrata (reifying chains).
      In a world w, take a substrata x which has a cause, and consider the partial
      order under causation of all the events which cause x in w; because x is a substrata, these events
      must occur in w. Then apply Zorn's lemma and take a chain of events in this partial order,
      and we can then proceed by cases.
      1. If the chain only has a single contingent element, then trivially it has an upper bound.
      2. If the chain has more than one contingent element, then the conjunction of the whole chain, 
         must be a contingent event, since the chain occurs at least in w, but in at least
         some other world one some event in the chain doesn't occur, and hence the chain doesn't occur.
      3. Therefore, by the PSR, this event has a cause c.
      4. Therefore also by `Conjunctive_1` this cause c needs to be a cause also of any contingent event
         in the chain, since the chain event can be expressed as the conjunction of itself with any
         contingent event in the chain.
      5. Then if the chain only contains contingent elements, c is an upper bound of the chain.
      6. But if the chain contains a necessary element, then either this is the greatest element of the
         chain or not.
      7. But if it is the greatest element of the chain, it is an upper bound of the chain.
      8. And if it is in the middle of the chain, then it has some cause y in the chain which is contingent.
      9. But then because c is the cause of all contingent events in the chain, it must be the cause of y,
         and hence, by transitivity, it must also be the cause of the necessary element. Hence c is an
         upper bound of the whole chain.
      This concludes the proof.
   ☐ TPC -> PSR
   ☐ Nothing can be the cause of its accidents (external cause) -> NOGAP
   ☐ PPC + TPC -> NOGAP
   ☐ PCS + PCB -> PS or There is a first cause
      Take a 
   


specify conjectures:
   Finitism: 
      ☐ There exists a common ultrafinitistic ontology
      ☐ There exists a common substantially finitistic ontology (weaker than the above)
      ☐ What is the largest general class of entities X for which an X-finitistic common ontology exists?
      ☐ Solve these conjectures also under the assumption the ontology is Alexandroff.
   Essence:
      ☐ Two substances have the same essence if and only if their state spaces are homeomorphic.
      ☐ If not, how can the definition of essence be changed so as to make it so?

Define eminence: 

3. Define agent causality, instrumental causality (extras).
4. Revise definition of 4 causes (extra).
5. Define grounding, groundability of an event (use box notation).
   1. An event is groundable if its interior is nonempty.
   2. The ground (or ontological counterpart) of an event is its interior.
6. Define real and virtual entities relative to an intensional ontology.
7. Define prime, strongly prime, and absolutely real entities.
   1. An entity is prime if it cannot be written as the arbitrary union of a collection of entities to which it doesn't belong, nor as the (finite) intersection of entities distinct from itself.
   2. A prime entity is strongly prime if it cannot be written as the arbitrary intersection of a collection of entities to which it doesn't belong.
   3. An entity is absolutely real if it is real regardless of the choice of background intensional ontology.
8. Prove all prime entities are absolutely real.
9. Prove God is prime under classical theism (actually ctheism is logically equivalent to this).
10. Turn this file into a proper todo list.
11. Define proper notation for existential entailment and the truthmaker modalities.
12. Modularize substances and properties into their own files.
13. Modularize natural theology into its own folder.
14. Modularize causality into its own folder.
15. Modularize advanced notions of intensionality into its own module and namespace.
16. Develop fuzzy set theory in the math modules and the theory of avents in ontology.lean
17. Use avents to discuss analogy and univocity for monadic properties.
18. 